CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing to DongleAuth.info 
===============================

All the data is managed through a series of [Yaml][yaml] files so it may be
useful to read up on the Yaml syntax.

To add or edit site, go to the [data files](_data/) and get familiar with how it
is setup. There is a section and corresponding file for each Category. Site icons
are stored in folders corresponding to each of those categories in their own
[folder](img/).

## Guidelines

1. **Don't break the build**: We have a simple continuous integration system
   setup with [Travis][travis]. If your pull request doesn't pass, it won't be
   merged. Travis will only check your changes after you submit a pull request.
   If you want to test locally, instructions are listed below. Keep reading!
2. **Use a Nice Icon**: The icon must have a resolution of 32x32. PNG is the
   preferred format. If possible, please also run the image through an optimizing
   utility such as OptiPNG before committing it to the repo and keep the file
   to be under 2.5 kB.
3. **HTTPS links**: All sites that support HTTPS should also be linked with an
   HTTPS address.
4. **Alexa top 200k**: A new site, that is not already listed, has to be within the
   Alexa top 200k ranking. You can check the ranking of a site [here](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo).
5. **No 2FA providers**: We do not list 2FA providers, such as [Authy](https://authy.com/), [Duo](https://duo.com/) or [Google Authenticator](https://github.com/google/google-authenticator).
6. **Be Awesome**: You need to be awesome. That is all.

## Running Locally

It's easy to run everything locally to test it out. Either you can have plain
[Jekyll][jekyll] installed or you can use [Bundler][bundler] to manage
everything for you.

### Using Bundler

1. To install Bundler, just run `gem install bundler`.
2. Install dependencies in the [Gemfile][gemfile], `bundle install`.
3. Run Jekyll: `bundle exec jekyll serve --watch`. The `--watch` is optional and
   makes Jekyll watch for file changes.

#### Testing with Bundler
   To verify that your additions are fine, you can run the entire set of tests
   locally which will check all links and images with:

   ```bash
   $ bundle exec rake
   ```

   However, this can take a while as there are roughly 900 links that it checks.
   If you just wish to test your YAML changes, you can run:

   ```bash
   $ bundle exec rake verify
   ```

### Using Vanilla Jekyll

1. Install Jekyll if you don't already have it: `gem install jekyll`.
2. Run Jekyll: `jekyll serve --watch`. The `--watch` is again optional.

## Site Criteria

The following section contains rough criteria and explanations regarding
what websites should be listed on dongleauth.info. If one of the following
criteria is met, it belongs on dongleauth.info:

1. **Personal Info/Image**: Any site that deals with personal info or a person's
   image. An example of a site with **Personal Info** would be their Amazon
   account and a site regarding **Personal Image** would be one like Twitter.
2. **Data**: This criteria relates to data that is either important or sensitive.
   Websites detailed in criteria 1 also fit this criteria.
3. **Money**: Any site that deals with money.
4. **Control**: This criteria is more general, in that it includes sites that
   give access to things that may infringe upon criteria 1, 2, or 3. An example
   of this is a website that allows remote access to a device.

If you have any questions regarding whether or not a site matches one of the
criteria, simply open an issue and we'll take a look.

### Excluded Sites

A list for excluded sites has also been created to ensure sites that have been
removed are not added in the future. The list also contains the reason for
its removal.

View the complete list in the [EXCLUSION.md file][exclude].

## New Categories

To add a new category, modify the `sections` value in [sections.yml](_data/sections.yml)
and follow the template below:

```yml
- id: category-id
  title: Category Name
  icon: icon-class
```

Then create a new file in the `_data` directory with the same name as your section's
id, using the `.yml` extension.

## New Sites

First and foremost, make sure the new site meets our [definition
requirements](#a-note-on-definitions) of DongleAuth.

If you are adding multiple sites to the TwoFactorAuth list, please create a new
git branch for each website, and submit a separate pull request for each branch.
More information regarding how to create new git branches can be found on
[GitHub's Help Page](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository/)
or [DigitalOcean's Tutorial](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-git-branches).

Adding a new website should be pretty straight-forward. The `websites` array should
already be defined; simply add a new website to it as shown in the following example:

```yml
websites:
  - name: Site Name
    url: https://www.site.com/
    img: site.png
    tfa: Yes
    hardware: Yes
    otp: Yes
    u2f: Yes
    doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
```

The fields `name:`, `url:`, `img:`, `tfa:` are required for all entries.

#### Adding a site that *supports* TFA

If a site does provide TFA, it is strongly recommended that you add the `doc:`
field where public documentation is available. Other fields should be included
if the website supports them. Any services that are not supported can be excluded.
Sites supporting TFA should not have a `twitter`, `facebook` or `email_address` field.

The following is an example of a website that *supports* TFA but not multiple dongles:

```yml
    - name: YouTube
      url: https://www.youtube.com/
      img: youtube.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      otp: Yes
      u2f: Yes
      doc: http://www.google.com/intl/en-US/landing/2step/features.html
```

#### Adding a site that *does not* support TFA

If a site does not provide TFA, the `twitter:` field should be included if the site uses
Twitter. Facebook can also be included using the `facebook` field, as well as Email using
the `email_address` field. If the website does not use the English language, the `lang:`
field should also be included. The fields `sms:`, `email:`, `phone:`, `software:` and
`hardware:` can be completely removed.

The following is an example of a website that *does not* support TFA:

```yml
    - name: Netflix
      url: https://www.netflix.com/us/
      twitter: Netflixhelps
      facebook: netflix
      email_address: example@netflix.com (Only if available and monitored)
      img: netflix.png
      tfa: No
      lang: <ISO 639-1 language code> (Only for non-English websites)
```

The `lang:` field is only used for non-English websites. The language codes should be lowercase [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) codes.

### Exceptions & Restrictions

If a site doesn't support TFA in certain countries, you can note this on the
website. There are 4 ways to customize how it is displayed:

1. A default message acknowledging restrictions will be used with the following
   config:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions: Yes
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
2. The message can be replaced with a custom set of words:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          text: "Specific text goes here."
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
3. The icon can be made into a link in which more details can be revealed such
   as country specific info and anything else.

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          link: Yes
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
4. 2 and 3 can be combined into:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          link: Yes
          text: "Specific text can go here as well."
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```

### Pro Tips

- See Guideline #2 about icons. The png file should go in the corresponding
  `img/section` folder.

- For the sake of organization and readability, it is appreciated if you insert
  new sites alphabetically and that your site chunk follows the same order as the
  example above.

- If a site supports TFA, their Twitter and Facebook handles as well as their email address
  are not needed and can be left out for cleanliness.

- If a site does not have TFA but there is documentation that they are adding
  it, then use:

  ```yml
  tfa: No
  status: <url to documentation>
  ```

## A Note on Definitions

There are many forms of Two Factor Auth, but DongleAuth.info is only interested in
listing sites that support Two Factor Authentication using USB dongles. Currently
that means the site must support either One Time Passwords (HOTP / RFC 4226 or TOTP / RFC 6238)
or FIDO Universal 2nd Factor (U2F). If a site supports multiple U2F dongles (e.g. as a backup),
`multipleu2f` may be set to `Yes`.

A lot of people have different ideas of what constitutes Two Factor Auth and
what doesn't, so it stands to reason that we should clarify a bit. For the
purposes of this site, Two Factor Auth is defined as any service provided as a
redundant layer for account *authentication*. Services that provide
*authorization* redundancy are certainly appreciated, but should not be
considered Two Factor Authentication.

As an example, a site that prompts you for an authentication token following
user login would be considered Two Factor Auth. A site that does not prompt you
for a token upon login, but prompts you for a token when you try to perform a
sensitive action would not be considered Two Factor Authentication.

For context, check out the discussion in issue [#242][242].

[242]: https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues/242
[exclude]: /EXCLUSION.md
[bundler]: http://bundler.io/
[gemfile]: /Gemfile
[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com/
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/nitrokey/dongleauth
[yaml]: http://www.yaml.org/

Commit message:

[Feature] Add icon for passwordless authentication via FIDO2

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing to DongleAuth.info 
===============================

All the data is managed through a series of [Yaml][yaml] files so it may be
useful to read up on the Yaml syntax.

To add or edit site, go to the [data files](_data/) and get familiar with how it
is setup. There is a section and corresponding file for each Category. Site icons
are stored in folders corresponding to each of those categories in their own
[folder](img/).

## Guidelines

1. **Don't break the build**: We have a simple continuous integration system
   setup with [Travis][travis]. If your pull request doesn't pass, it won't be
   merged. Travis will only check your changes after you submit a pull request.
   If you want to test locally, instructions are listed below. Keep reading!
2. **Use a Nice Icon**: The icon must have a resolution of 32x32. PNG is the
   preferred format. If possible, please also run the image through an optimizing
   utility such as OptiPNG before committing it to the repo and keep the file
   to be under 2.5 kB.
3. **HTTPS links**: All sites that support HTTPS should also be linked with an
   HTTPS address.
4. **Alexa top 200k**: A new site, that is not already listed, has to be within the
   Alexa top 200k ranking. You can check the ranking of a site [here](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo).
5. **No 2FA providers**: We do not list 2FA providers, such as [Authy](https://authy.com/), [Duo](https://duo.com/) or [Google Authenticator](https://github.com/google/google-authenticator).
6. **Be Awesome**: You need to be awesome. That is all.

## Running Locally

It's easy to run everything locally to test it out. Either you can have plain
[Jekyll][jekyll] installed or you can use [Bundler][bundler] to manage
everything for you.

### Using Bundler

1. To install Bundler, just run `gem install bundler`.
2. Install dependencies in the [Gemfile][gemfile], `bundle install`.
3. Run Jekyll: `bundle exec jekyll serve --watch`. The `--watch` is optional and
   makes Jekyll watch for file changes.

#### Testing with Bundler
   To verify that your additions are fine, you can run the entire set of tests
   locally which will check all links and images with:

   ```bash
   $ bundle exec rake
   ```

   However, this can take a while as there are roughly 900 links that it checks.
   If you just wish to test your YAML changes, you can run:

   ```bash
   $ bundle exec rake verify
   ```

### Using Vanilla Jekyll

1. Install Jekyll if you don't already have it: `gem install jekyll`.
2. Run Jekyll: `jekyll serve --watch`. The `--watch` is again optional.

## Site Criteria

The following section contains rough criteria and explanations regarding
what websites should be listed on dongleauth.info. If one of the following
criteria is met, it belongs on dongleauth.info:

1. **Personal Info/Image**: Any site that deals with personal info or a person's
   image. An example of a site with **Personal Info** would be their Amazon
   account and a site regarding **Personal Image** would be one like Twitter.
2. **Data**: This criteria relates to data that is either important or sensitive.
   Websites detailed in criteria 1 also fit this criteria.
3. **Money**: Any site that deals with money.
4. **Control**: This criteria is more general, in that it includes sites that
   give access to things that may infringe upon criteria 1, 2, or 3. An example
   of this is a website that allows remote access to a device.

If you have any questions regarding whether or not a site matches one of the
criteria, simply open an issue and we'll take a look.

### Excluded Sites

A list for excluded sites has also been created to ensure sites that have been
removed are not added in the future. The list also contains the reason for
its removal.

View the complete list in the [EXCLUSION.md file][exclude].

## New Categories

To add a new category, modify the `sections` value in [sections.yml](_data/sections.yml)
and follow the template below:

```yml
- id: category-id
  title: Category Name
  icon: icon-class
```

Then create a new file in the `_data` directory with the same name as your section's
id, using the `.yml` extension.

## New Sites

First and foremost, make sure the new site meets our [definition
requirements](#a-note-on-definitions) of DongleAuth.

If you are adding multiple sites to the TwoFactorAuth list, please create a new
git branch for each website, and submit a separate pull request for each branch.
More information regarding how to create new git branches can be found on
[GitHub's Help Page](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository/)
or [DigitalOcean's Tutorial](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-git-branches).

Adding a new website should be pretty straight-forward. The `websites` array should
already be defined; simply add a new website to it as shown in the following example:

```yml
websites:
  - name: Site Name
    url: https://www.site.com/
    img: site.png
    tfa: Yes
    hardware: Yes
    otp: Yes
    u2f: Yes
    doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
```

The fields `name:`, `url:`, `img:`, `tfa:` are required for all entries.

#### Adding a site that *supports* TFA

If a site does provide TFA, it is strongly recommended that you add the `doc:`
field where public documentation is available. Other fields should be included
if the website supports them. Any services that are not supported can be excluded.
Sites supporting TFA should not have a `twitter`, `facebook` or `email_address` field.

The following is an example of a website that *supports* TFA but not multiple dongles:

```yml
    - name: YouTube
      url: https://www.youtube.com/
      img: youtube.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      otp: Yes
      u2f: Yes
      doc: http://www.google.com/intl/en-US/landing/2step/features.html
```

The following is an example of a website that additionally supports adding multiple dongles
and passwordless authentication with FIDO2 devices:

```yml
    - name: Windows Hello
      url: https://www.microsoft.com/
      img: windows-hello.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      otp: Yes
      u2f: Yes
      multipleu2f: Yes
      passwordless: Yes
      doc: http://www.google.com/intl/en-US/landing/2step/features.html
```

#### Adding a site that *does not* support TFA

If a site does not provide TFA, the `twitter:` field should be included if the site uses
Twitter. Facebook can also be included using the `facebook` field, as well as Email using
the `email_address` field. If the website does not use the English language, the `lang:`
field should also be included. The fields `sms:`, `email:`, `phone:`, `software:` and
`hardware:` can be completely removed.

The following is an example of a website that *does not* support TFA:

```yml
    - name: Netflix
      url: https://www.netflix.com/us/
      twitter: Netflixhelps
      facebook: netflix
      email_address: example@netflix.com (Only if available and monitored)
      img: netflix.png
      tfa: No
      lang: <ISO 639-1 language code> (Only for non-English websites)
```

The `lang:` field is only used for non-English websites. The language codes should be lowercase [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) codes.

### Exceptions & Restrictions

If a site doesn't support TFA in certain countries, you can note this on the
website. There are 4 ways to customize how it is displayed:

1. A default message acknowledging restrictions will be used with the following
   config:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions: Yes
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
2. The message can be replaced with a custom set of words:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          text: "Specific text goes here."
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
3. The icon can be made into a link in which more details can be revealed such
   as country specific info and anything else.

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          link: Yes
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```
4. 2 and 3 can be combined into:

   ```yml
    - name: Site Name
      url: https://www.site.com/
      img: site.png
      tfa: Yes
      hardware: Yes
      exceptions:
          link: Yes
          text: "Specific text can go here as well."
      doc: <link to site TFA documentation>
   ```

### Pro Tips

- See Guideline #2 about icons. The png file should go in the corresponding
  `img/section` folder.

- For the sake of organization and readability, it is appreciated if you insert
  new sites alphabetically and that your site chunk follows the same order as the
  example above.

- If a site supports TFA, their Twitter and Facebook handles as well as their email address
  are not needed and can be left out for cleanliness.

- If a site does not have TFA but there is documentation that they are adding
  it, then use:

  ```yml
  tfa: No
  status: <url to documentation>
  ```

## A Note on Definitions

There are many forms of Two Factor Auth, but DongleAuth.info is only interested in
listing sites that support Two Factor Authentication using USB dongles. Currently
that means the site must support either One Time Passwords (HOTP / RFC 4226 or TOTP / RFC 6238)
or FIDO Universal 2nd Factor (U2F). If a site supports multiple U2F dongles (e.g. as a backup),
`multipleu2f` may be set to `Yes`.

A lot of people have different ideas of what constitutes Two Factor Auth and
what doesn't, so it stands to reason that we should clarify a bit. For the
purposes of this site, Two Factor Auth is defined as any service provided as a
redundant layer for account *authentication*. Services that provide
*authorization* redundancy are certainly appreciated, but should not be
considered Two Factor Authentication.

As an example, a site that prompts you for an authentication token following
user login would be considered Two Factor Auth. A site that does not prompt you
for a token upon login, but prompts you for a token when you try to perform a
sensitive action would not be considered Two Factor Authentication.

For context, check out the discussion in issue [#242][242].

[242]: https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues/242
[exclude]: /EXCLUSION.md
[bundler]: http://bundler.io/
[gemfile]: /Gemfile
[jekyll]: http://jekyllrb.com/
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/nitrokey/dongleauth
[yaml]: http://www.yaml.org/
