.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2-add-site-without-2fa.md, before:

---
name: 🔓 Add site without 2FA
about: Request that a site that does not support 2FA be added.
title: Add [site name]
labels: add site
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Before submitting this issue, please update the title to include the name of the site to be added.
Submit a single issue for each site to be added.

In Markdown, checkboxes work like this:
- [ ] Unchecked box.
- [x] Checked box.

Check both boxes below before submitting your issue to verify that you have already checked for duplicate issues and pull requests relating to your request. -->

- [ ] I have searched both open and closed [issues](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing issue.
- [ ] I have searched both open and closed [pull requests](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/pulls). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing pull request.

### Information about the site to be added that does not support 2FA: ###
<!-- Official name of the site -->
* Site name - ``

<!-- Link to the main page -->
* Site URL - ``

* Does the site support 2FA? - `No`

### Information about the site's contact information: ###
<!-- This information is used to allow those visiting twofactorauth.org to contact the owner of the site and request that 2FA be supported.
Leave any fields that do not have contact information blank. -->

<!-- Language of the site.
This information is used to translate the Tweet and email subject sent to the listed contact information.
It defaults to English unless otherwise specified.
List the language used for the site's Twitter and support email address. -->
* Site language - `English`

<!-- Twitter username of the site -->
* Twitter username - ``

<!-- Facebook page link for the site -->
* Facebook link - ``

<!-- Support email address for the site -->
* Email address - ``

### Information about the site's eligibility to be added to twofactorauth.org: ###
<!-- Check each box below to verify that the site meets our requirements for being listed.
If a site does not meet all of these requirements, feel free to continue your issue submission.
Leave any unmet requirements unchecked, and add any additional information or questions in the "Additional information" section below. -->

- [ ] I have checked that the site meets twofactorauth.org's [contributing guidelines and site criteria](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] The site is ranked within the top 200,000 sites on [Alexa](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/) or has a substantial social media following.
- [ ] The site does not contain or promote content that violates twofactorauth.org's [excluded categories and websites guidelines](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/EXCLUSION.md), including pornographic, discriminatory, or unlawful content.

### Additional information: ###
<!-- If you have any additional information to provide, please do so below. -->

Commit message:

Change twofactorauth.org references to 2fa.directory
The mail address contact@2fa.directory currently forwards to me, as long as no proper mail handling is set up.
I can change the forward if there is a better alternative.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2-add-site-without-2fa.md, after:

---
name: 🔓 Add site without 2FA
about: Request that a site that does not support 2FA be added.
title: Add [site name]
labels: add site
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Before submitting this issue, please update the title to include the name of the site to be added.
Submit a single issue for each site to be added.

In Markdown, checkboxes work like this:
- [ ] Unchecked box.
- [x] Checked box.

Check both boxes below before submitting your issue to verify that you have already checked for duplicate issues and pull requests relating to your request. -->

- [ ] I have searched both open and closed [issues](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing issue.
- [ ] I have searched both open and closed [pull requests](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/pulls). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing pull request.

### Information about the site to be added that does not support 2FA: ###
<!-- Official name of the site -->
* Site name - ``

<!-- Link to the main page -->
* Site URL - ``

* Does the site support 2FA? - `No`

### Information about the site's contact information: ###
<!-- This information is used to allow those visiting 2fa.directory to contact the owner of the site and request that 2FA be supported.
Leave any fields that do not have contact information blank. -->

<!-- Language of the site.
This information is used to translate the Tweet and email subject sent to the listed contact information.
It defaults to English unless otherwise specified.
List the language used for the site's Twitter and support email address. -->
* Site language - `English`

<!-- Twitter username of the site -->
* Twitter username - ``

<!-- Facebook page link for the site -->
* Facebook link - ``

<!-- Support email address for the site -->
* Email address - ``

### Information about the site's eligibility to be added to 2fa.directory: ###
<!-- Check each box below to verify that the site meets our requirements for being listed.
If a site does not meet all of these requirements, feel free to continue your issue submission.
Leave any unmet requirements unchecked, and add any additional information or questions in the "Additional information" section below. -->

- [ ] I have checked that the site meets 2fa.directory's [contributing guidelines and site criteria](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] The site is ranked within the top 200,000 sites on [Alexa](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/) or has a substantial social media following.
- [ ] The site does not contain or promote content that violates 2fa.directory's [excluded categories and websites guidelines](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/EXCLUSION.md), including pornographic, discriminatory, or unlawful content.

### Additional information: ###
<!-- If you have any additional information to provide, please do so below. -->
