.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-remove-existing-site.md, before:

---
name: 🗑 Remove existing site
about: Request that an existing listed site be removed.
title: Remove [site name]
labels: remove site
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Before submitting this issue, please update the title to include the name of the site to be removed.
Submit a single issue for each site to be removed.

In Markdown, checkboxes work like this:
- [ ] Unchecked box.
- [x] Checked box.

Check the box below before submitting your issue to verify that you have already checked for duplicate open issues and pull requests relating to your request. -->

- [ ] I have searched [open issues and pull requests](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues?q=is%3Aopen). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing open issue or pull request.

### Information about the site entry to be removed: ###
<!-- Name of the site, as currently listed on twofactorauth.org -->
* Site name - ``

<!-- Link to the main page of the site, as currently listed on twofactorauth.org -->
* Site URL - ``

<!-- Category of the site, as currently listed on twofactorauth.org -->
* Site category - ``

### Information about why the site entry should be removed: ###
**This site entry should be removed because:**
- [ ] It is a duplicate of an existing site entry.
- [ ] It will be discontinued in the near future.
- [ ] It has been shut down by the owner and is no longer accessible.
- [ ] It has been acquired or absorbed by another site, and the new site is already listed on twofactorauth.org.
- [ ] It no longer has verifiable 2FA documentation and is no longer ranked within the top 200,000 sites on [Alexa](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/).
- [ ] It no longer meets twofactorauth.org's [contributing guidelines and site criteria](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] It contains content that violates twofactorauth.org's [excluded categories and websites guidelines](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/EXCLUSION.md).
- [ ] Other (please describe below).

**Additional information about why this site entry should be removed:**
<!-- Please include any supporting documentation, such as official announcements, social media posts, blog entries, press releases, or other information that helps to verify that the listed site entry should be removed below. -->

Commit message:

Change twofactorauth.org references to 2fa.directory (#5248)

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-remove-existing-site.md, after:

---
name: 🗑 Remove existing site
about: Request that an existing listed site be removed.
title: Remove [site name]
labels: remove site
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Before submitting this issue, please update the title to include the name of the site to be removed.
Submit a single issue for each site to be removed.

In Markdown, checkboxes work like this:
- [ ] Unchecked box.
- [x] Checked box.

Check the box below before submitting your issue to verify that you have already checked for duplicate open issues and pull requests relating to your request. -->

- [ ] I have searched [open issues and pull requests](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/issues?q=is%3Aopen). The issue I'm creating is not a duplicate of an existing open issue or pull request.

### Information about the site entry to be removed: ###
<!-- Name of the site, as currently listed on 2fa.directory -->
* Site name - ``

<!-- Link to the main page of the site, as currently listed on 2fa.directory -->
* Site URL - ``

<!-- Category of the site, as currently listed on 2fa.directory -->
* Site category - ``

### Information about why the site entry should be removed: ###
**This site entry should be removed because:**
- [ ] It is a duplicate of an existing site entry.
- [ ] It will be discontinued in the near future.
- [ ] It has been shut down by the owner and is no longer accessible.
- [ ] It has been acquired or absorbed by another site, and the new site is already listed on 2fa.directory.
- [ ] It no longer has verifiable 2FA documentation and is no longer ranked within the top 200,000 sites on [Alexa](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/).
- [ ] It no longer meets 2fa.directory's [contributing guidelines and site criteria](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] It contains content that violates 2fa.directory's [excluded categories and websites guidelines](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/EXCLUSION.md).
- [ ] Other (please describe below).

**Additional information about why this site entry should be removed:**
<!-- Please include any supporting documentation, such as official announcements, social media posts, blog entries, press releases, or other information that helps to verify that the listed site entry should be removed below. -->
